# THE-INTERNET

_the beginning of something wholely and unfathomably different_

> [[how-the-internet-works-in-100-words]]
 
## 1| A difference in quantity

_is a difference in kind._

1. It is the first information space in history that can physically span the entire planet.
2. It is a record of interactions of actors within that space.
3. It is a place where interactions can happen orders of magnitudes faster than outside the space.
4. Finally, it's a space in which (ideally), all actors can participate.

The same way the number of frames delivered per second to the eye changes the kind of art one is viewing (a movie versus a painting); the sheer difference in the number of interactions happening between actors on the internet, makes ours a different kind of society.  

<!-- Let's say you were a person who wanted to save the world from the misinformation issues we face today.

Really it's an issue we've faced for millenia; the unequal distribution of facts.  -->

## 2| Problems?

_It's still primitive._

- The facts aren't distributed in totality.
  - Information found by one group doesn't reach every other group.
- Understandings attained from those facts are also not distributed universally.
  - The facts are subject to pay walls.
  - The facts are subject to interpretation.
  - The facts are subject to "being buried".
  - The facts are subject to "being too complicated for me to take time out of my life to understand the nuance needed to accurately incorporate this fact into my everyday conversations and not just speak out of my ass with some headline I read the other week."
- Information sometimes goes through unintended alterations in transit.
  - The message is only as uncorruptable as the medium on which it travels.
  - Usually we have communicational infrastructure such as body language, vocal inflections, facial features, and eye contact to help us judge the messages we receive.
  - The culmination of a lot of human lives' has resulted in a way of sending messages (more on that [here](how-the-internet-works-in-100-words.md)) that takes care of a lot of these "unintended alterations".
    - However, these protocols kind of only ensure the message arrives at the destination _computer_ fine, not the destination _brain_.

<!-- - What if a message is intended to be warped in its transmission?
  - This is a valid message that deserves just as much freedom as any other. -->
<!-- - Due to the difference in medium (text, audio, pre-recorded video), the successful [rulesets](ruleset.md) change. -->

But are these really problems that we must solve? (yes) Or are they features, that we must adapt onto? (yes) Or, is there a third option? (always)

### problems

#t/cbl

### features

#t/cbl

### other options

#t/cbl

## 3| Adaptable is our middle name

_What do I know? I'm [mad](why-is-he-mad.md)._

#t/cbl

## 4| An ideal future for the internet

_a place where freedom to pursue an idea is mathematically enforced and regulated._

#t/cbl

## 5| A real future for the internet

_a place where any idea can be made quickly and sold to anyone willing to buy._

#t/cbl

## 6| A scary future for the internet

_a place where people are controlled._

#t/cbl

## 7| A peaceful future for the internet

_no internet at all. no humans. just spacetime._

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[how-the-internet-works-in-100-words]: how-the-internet-works-in-100-words "how-the-internet-works-in-100-words"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"