# the-view

_there are so many places in the universe that would immediately murder you._

Just sit back and enjoy looking at one that won't.

You sit on a porch overhanging a small hill leading down to a black sand beach. The wood is sheet white and consumes your vision for most areas while on the deck, save for the far-side railing. The house behind you is small and maximally efficient at helping you live your life. The forest huggs every inch of the outside of your house, like a mother and her newly born child.

Your clothes are comfortable, one of the lounge chairs is comfortable

> [{](../Mr-Timn.md)i mean both are obviously, but at least one is comfortable so my statement is technically correct, which is of course the best way to be correct.}

  you are comfortable.  

You think, "I'd like to listen to that albumn right now." Suddenly, all other sound disappears from your perception. The world falls to a hush; kind of there, kind of not. Then [this](https://youtu.be/AmmFD2OIs_k) takes it's place.

In front of you lay nothing but black sand, teal ocean with bubble blue froth, and the sky... oh the sky. The best part.

  The brightness of it, is that perfect calm that comes just before the sun goes down. The calm where the world is beginning to wind down after a fresh new bright day of possibilities. The system is shifting it's weight, it's energy, it's appearance... to an entirely different world of possibilities. The cycle of this plays out around your house, until you deem it change.

  It's hue, a deep purple that huggs your mind as you stare out at it fondly, the same way the forest hugs your abode. You have found this sky in all the skies you've seen through your long long long life through [[the-graph]]. You have found it, and made it a permanent part of your life. 

Your plot, however, is the one constant that never changes. Not a single atom of the house withers, or leaves. Objects return themselves to where you set their home to be. They provide you what you want whenever you want it, but you still take the time out to engage in the processes you love. The cleaning, the cooking, the pet care. 

You live here, but can leave whenever you want in the time it takes to generate a thought.

This is a slice of the internet, one which you mathematically own and it cannot be taken from you, but by death. Enjoy your [view](the-view.md).


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[the-graph]: the-graph "the-graph"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"