# what-does-he-look-like

_he's pretty handsome_

Of middling height on the distribution of his particular sex and species, he stands straight. His back and torso, firm because he made it so. His arms, forged in heavy sweat. His legs, diligent and fast.

His uniquely common brown eyes have seen things that cannot be seen. He sculpts his excessively boring brown hair into various entertaining forms as he plays a small game over long timescales with it's appearance. However, almost all the games change when he retreats.

Upon arriving at his lodge in [the-forest](../readme.md), he returns to simplicity; to a standardized set of actions, defined not by whim, but by him. One of these such actions is to shave. Another is to buzz his hair. He wishes to feel in touch with the air... but not the hair.

He wears comfortable dark jeans weathered by 6 years, 2 months, and 20 days of ownership. He purchased them 6 years, 2 months, and 20 days ago. His brown steal-toed boots are padded on the inside as to give the foot secure control over the exterior, but also allow a little give with each step. His shirt, a solid dark teal, peaks from inside his half-way zipped light brown jacket.

His calm blue-rimmed glasses show him the [[things-that-can't-be-seen]]. He has the power over himself to fix his issues with sight, but he prefers the form in which he lives. They are a sentimental reminder of the feeling known as "imperfection".

Thousands of facial expressions have carved their way into his face, making it progressively easier and easier for their descendants to come and make their marks. Most are members of a 28 year old dynasty of smiles. A civilization with one goal: to express happiness. They have not tired of the craft.

Several tatoos cover his skin. Each, a rule in his life that he holds as constant as he can. Their permanence was etched upon his skin after they dried like cement into his life. He sees them as the output of various programs he executed on his journey through [[the-graph]].

1. [The Greek Letter Delta](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delta_(letter))  

    Located on his left chest directly covering the heart.  
    He earned this when he found himself and executed his first [program](ruleset.md)  
    Data which reminds him of [[the-goal]].

2. A quote from [Ozymandias by Percy B. Shelley](https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/46565/ozymandias)  

    > "My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings;  
    > Look on my Works, ye Mighty, and despair!"

    Written into his left forearm, his name replaces the King's.  
    He earned this when he travelled alone and made it home.  
    Data which reminds him do what he wants.  

3. A rippling bonzai tree

    Crawling from his left shoulder down towards the quote.  
    He earned this when he performed a [muscle-up](https://youtu.be/pS1A--3mNZ4).  
    Data which reminds him to keep his body strong and healthy.  

4. A small [graph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_theory)

    Located on his right shoulder, it forms a tree with roots that seem to bend around the shoulder and merge with the branches.  
    He earned this when he finished his first book.  
    Data which reminds him to always make time for reading, writing, and thinking.  

5. A small martini glass

    Located on the inside of his right arm.  
    Not a program that he knowingly compiled and executed, but an important one none the less.  
    Data which reminds him to always have friends.  


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[things-that-can't-be-seen]: things-that-can't-be-seen "things-that-can't-be-seen"
[the-graph]: the-graph "the-graph"
[the-goal]: the-goal "the-goal"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"