# why-is-he-mad

_many many reasons my dear child_


## 1| What is madness?

_idk but supposedly there is some method to it_

When I say "mad", I mean insanity, not anger. Ignoring the medical definition for a moment; to me that word, "insanity", is kin to "randomness".  

The insanity I speak of and use throughout this [garden](what-is-this.md) is that notion of "random action". Not truly [[random]], but loosely random in the way a typical human uses the word. A decision or thought that is unpredictably predictable is the kind of "mad" of which I speak. Something you didn't see coming, but, if you knew enough, could have.

## 2| Is he really that mad?

_Relatively? No. But, relatively? Yes._

Compared to some humans (if one could [compare](what-is-a-comparison) madness), he's mad as the hatter. Compared to all humans, probably not.

## 3| Madness, the tool

_I would rather think I am mad and not be, than think I am sane and, in reality, be mad._

### the randomness is preferable

  - A completely random walk through [[the-graph]] would be interesting.
    - Chaos would surround me. I'd never be in control.
    - Truly unpredictability would force me to adapt quickly.
    - I'd probably have more fun and thrills on the journey.
    - However, this is a trip I'm not interested in.
  - On the other extreme, a completely ordered walk would be novel.
    - I associate these paths with the word "easy".
    - I also associate them with "boring".
    - Sure it's a life lived longly. But I want a film found funnily.
    - As such, not one I am interested in myself.
  - Thus (as in [Winburn](https://youtu.be/Hv3aOjliuh8?t=5)), I'd rather be mad. Occasionally ordered, occasionally not, and always assuming not.

### the hubris is dangerous

  - To me there is a pride embedded in "sanity". To label one as "sane", you must know what it is to be sane.
    - You must have knowledge about what things "should" be or how things "should" behave.
    - Who am I to print such a label; especially one which I would want to keep on my forehead for the world to see?
  - Believing I have it figured out and know what I am doing is a powerful feeling.
    - I do keep it around, but just like the rest, I must use it correctly.
    - It's ok to let myself feel in control every now and then, but I must occasionally return to the mindset that I have no control.

For both of these reasons, I must always return to the assumption that I am a mad lad in the rad [graph](the-graph.md).

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[random]: random "random"
[the-graph]: the-graph "the-graph"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"