# Friday, October 31, 2021

- These are the men I want to emulate:
    - Luffy
    - All Might
    - Midorya
    - My dad and my Mom's grandfather
    - Carl Sagan
    - Olan Rogers
    - My best friends
- Surround yourself with good people.
- People who you hold in s-tier category.
- People are your armor, money is your weapon.
    - Not a perfect analogy, but one I like. 
    - You body is the vessel of course.
    - You must protect the soul from the universe.
    - Go.
    - Carve out ur lil niche in **absolute FUCKING CHAOS**.
    - Welcome to the 21st century on Earth floating in an infinite froth and **PURE FUCKING ENERGY cooling off over hundreds of trillions of years.** 
    - You have a very short time to figure this shit out cause you're about to die.
    - You will live 90 years at best or whatever.
    - The tech of your time may or may not have the ability to sustain you for longer.
        - idk.
        - Figure it out bitch.
        - Go.
    - You shunt into existence at a certain speed, temperature, and set of obvservations.
        - 
    - The sound of school rings into your existence
        - Everybody around you is shouting: "Figure it out bitch!"
        - "Learn!"
        - "Fucking grow"
        - "Hey look a lot of weird brain shit is gonna happen to you right now, but you'll settle into it eventually. Here's what you need to make it."
            - Lots of short comings by society here, but that's the sentiment.
    - Your parents might try to catch you up to speed. To like give you some context with which to continue and live.
    - Your friends are growing up with you so they're kind of learning shit in the same environment as you and then bringing it back to you.
    - You have to survive to get happiness.
    - Carve it out of **the vast expanse of celestial "YOU LOSE AN ARM IF YOU SO MUCH AS STACK YOU FINGER OUT OF THAT LITTLE PLANET UR ON" energy that is just fucking "moving" around you.**
        - Like the thing which the word "moving" was created to describe.
        - Speeds unfathomable to your sense.
        - Temperature also off the range of you sense.
        - You literally cannot perceive whole oceans of information about the given blip of spacetime you are in a given moment.
        - Light that you cannot see. Sounds you cannot hear.
        - Figure it out and survive as long as you can.
    - You ever seen those machine learning algorithms where they train a weird looking stick figure to navigate some sort of obstacle course?
        - When it loses it starts over and tries again with knowledge from the previous run.
        - They track how many "generations" it takes to reach some sort of goal post or win condition in a course or environment.
        - Kind of like what we do with rats and mazes but with computer programs.
        - And this is a thing that you could probably learn to do in less than a year of decisive study if you had nothing but time to pursue it.
        - And it's free essentially.
            - Given the sunk cost in computer equipment that is relatively cheap in all honesty, even with the price increases
                - This is simply the market reacting to the realization that they can suddenly sell many more products at much higher prices.
                - The power of that computation is becoming priced in. #t/cbl
    - I thought to myself: "Hey these computers look like they think like us"
    - Maybe I should look into it.
    - There's a lot of evidence to suggest that one will be able to upload their brain into a computer with my liftime.
    - I'm in a society that has the capability to make that step in technological evolution. Given the absolute **TORNADO OF ENERGY surrounding us**, Death.
    - The capabilities of my mind running in some part at the speed of a computer is a very appealing idea to me.
        - I could live life at normal speed for the most part, offloading perception of my immediate vicinity, market research, current events, weather, future prediction routines, simple timers and reminders. #t/key
        - All programs operating like a task running the background of my life, notifying me when there are items of import.
    - Literally go out into the internet and physical sensors surrounding my environment, garnering all that data and provide it to me in a quick and succinct manner.
    - I think you can program a computer to do that for every person on the planet and entire civilizations, the size of which you cannot fathom.
        - A computer program that will learn the interface between and outside information and the person it is charged with protecting.
        - It knows how best to funnel the information from outside into things that I can comprehend and understand with my knowledge set.
    - I don't think I'm capable of building it but I think that will be applicance just the same way as you have a washer or dryer.
    - It will be an automated sort of imaginary friend that you can absolutely trust. It will be able to give you feedback on you life based on huge amount of actual raw data about your path through spacetime.
    - It will protect you from other people's automated avatars.
    - They will all exist in this global hive mind computer that you would have to destroy the entire earth to fully kill it.
    - That is possible in physics, I think, and will be possible likely soon.
        - The question is whether or not adoption occurs and how well the entire society adapts to that shift in the way it fundamentally operates.
    - Facebook, Google, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, and other foreign companies (obviously) are fully aware that this is going to be a thing.
    - Look at how the market is turning. Every single thing is becoming computerized with the ability to observe its environment and make logical decisions about its (the object's) behavior.
    - The entire society is trying to garner as much information out of this **giant ENERGY CANNON** as possible.
    - Figure it out you have less than 100 years to live.
    - I'm becoming those men so I can protect those I want to protect.
    - I spent a long time with perspective that I've given here. And for the vast majority of it, it made me impossibly depressed. I would look around at my physical situation in spacetime and I would be demoralized by my capabilities in that moment relative to how strong and capable I wanted to be.
    - A lot of things made a lot of changes in my past and I can't hope to list them here.
    - 1. Luffy is my spirit. He embodies the word "Freedom" in its most purest form.
    - 2. All Might is my goal. He is the word "Confidence". His is the top of the mountain. Nothing else lay above but sky.
        - He is The. Number. One. Hero. In it's purest form.
    - 3. Midorya, the young boy. Idolizing his numba 1 hero. Not yet there still on the mountain trudging through his journey to reach those heights.
        - The definition of many words, but for me "Determination"
    - 4. This is a box full of context that also cannot be summed up. But "Perseverance" is the duct tape on the box.
        - Different from 3 because determination is the will to climb, but perseverance is the methodology. Simply do not give up until the **ENERGY DEMON** takes it from you.
    - 5. Carl Sagan. The man who found me and showed me the way. The man who showed me the universe.
        - "Live" is his word. He showed me what it meant to be alive.
    - 6. This man is on my list of people for which I want nothing but the utmost happiness.
        - His word is "Silly".
    - 7. Sparky and Brock, mainly. But the group chat I'm in has two transgender mtf in it but we were all guys at some point and I idolize them all in some way.
        - "Armor" obviously.
    - 8. Rick Sanchez
        - Rick Sanchez to me, does not have a word. Other than his name. He is so much his own idea that the only word that is unique enough to describe him; the only word built by humanity which contains within in it that idea.
        - I think if he could be described it would be a feeling which did it best.
        - It would be that feeling of "...fuck."
        - You know when you're just not doing anything at all with your meat bag of an energy sack? Life requires nothing of you and you just sigh and say "...fuck."?
        - That feeling.
    - Characters in shows and movies are people as well. They were built by people. You can surround yourself with them as well.
    - I would say that those characters are the more important ones because they are ideas. They are ideas created by people to explain a perspective of the world, not just a piece of it (like single words.) duh.
    - They are messages, really. Sent by their creators.
